[Music]
there is one thing you can't change with
anti-aging cream or plastic surgery a
fake ID that did a great job when you
needed access to certain places won't
help you either we are talking about
your mental age for millions of people
around the world their biological and
their emotional age are two completely
different things you might be one of
them want to check it out here's an easy
but very accurate test that will
determine your mental age the rules are
simple
answer the question picking the first
thing that comes to your mind seriously
do not overthink if you get 9 as your
mental age it does not mean your IQ is
low it only shows your perception of the
world is young and bright if you get 60
while you're 22 it's not too bad either
it just means you are really wise for
each answer you pick add a certain
number of points you get one point for
each time you choose number one option
you get two points for option number two
and so on there will be four options for
each question let's get it started in
here starting with number 10 pick a
color
the first question is as easy as
convicted all we want you to do is
choose one of these beautiful color
palettes really whichever you like most
when you just saw all the options go for
it
[Music]
number nine pick a meal if you're hungry
we're sorry for this one but it is an
important part of the test Plus that
food looks so good if you could pick any
of these meals which one would you eat
right now
one hamburger two soup three Pizza for
seafood a juicy steak crispy bread
straight from the oven will you pick the
hamburger but then again your mom always
told you how important it is to have
enough soup nutritious and warming up or
will you go for the pizza it needs no
introduction fancy enough to choose
seafood it's up to you number eight
online preferences which part of the
internet do you visit most one Instagram
Facebook snapchat to news sources
motivational and time management
websites three celebrity gossip and
showbiz news funny cat videos for I'm
not sure how the internet works but I
check my email sometimes if Instagram
means the world to you pick option one
you care a lot about getting more
efficient and not wasting a second of
life and you must be in the know when it
comes to world news then go with the two
hey who cares about politics a nuclear
disarmament
give me some celebrity gossip you get it
if you pick three option for speaks for
itself
[Music]
number seven your spirit animal your
spirit animal could be your second self
so pick wisely is it going to be number
one
unicorn magical wild and free whoo
number two sloth need i say more number
three
shark determined and dangerous or for
who needs a spirit animal question six
pick a movie it's movie night and you
get to choose which one to watch what'll
it be one a cartoon or family movie two
action fantasy or horror three a good
old comedy for drama romantic drama or
documentary
now if frozen makes your heart melt
breaking every common-sense rule or if
you're still laughing at the adventures
of home alone guy go for option one for
those who like to be terrified or
thrilled with action number two is
waiting for you in case you are a
hangover type of person we mean when it
comes to the movies there is option
three right there
crying over the notebook go for option
four and do you have a tissue
[Music]
question five skills to learn imagine
you can pick a skill to learn with no
effort like right now with skill would
it be one foreign language to some
sports three management skills or for
painting yeah this is kind of unfair all
the options are so good but still one
must be better for you than the others
think of all the traveling you can do
when you learn to sprechen Deutsch or
hate dog like in New York it's a
language or how fit your body will get
and how much cooler you will become when
you master basketball or maybe alpine
skiing or shall it be option three the
one that will give you perfect time
management skills
not those everyone mentions in their CV
but you know like really good ones and
make you a financial guru and then there
is painting if you wouldn't mind waking
up to your inner Picasso go for option
four question four dream vacation
do you want to go on vacation like right
about now yeah at the magical like
button it should get you there are you
still there okay it'll work next time
trust me anyway
pick your dream destination and vacation
routine number one Disneyworld number
two your road trip number three big city
life
number four relax take it easy
imagine all the rides at Disney World
are you screaming with excitement then
number one is your best bet
but then again exploring Europe you're
with your friends including its bars and
nightlife sounds like a bunch of fun
hitchhiking from romantic Paris to fairy
tale ish Germany and then to Italy Oh
dreamy if you're a big city life type of
person you can choose to discover New
York or any other megalopolis sites arts
and good food everywhere number four is
an option to escape from the world in
all its hustle and bustle a tropical
island or a cottage in the woods you
name it question three big money and how
to spend it
imagine you have won the lottery the
money is really good and you have four
options as to how to spend it will you
choose to one party it up travel the
world and buy that Chanel bag you've
always wanted
number two spend some of it to buy gifts
for my loved ones do a house renovation
3 use it to pay off the bills and that
student loan oh yeah
and 4 save it all for my offspring
[Music]
question two taking responsibility now
be honest with this one when you make a
mess what do you do about it
one leave it someone else will take care
of it to offer to clean it hoping to
hear a no three silently clean it it's
my fault after all for silently clean it
because who else will do it and finally
question number one
the meaning of life so what's the
meaning of life and that's a
philosophical one we know but what did
you expect the grand finale to be pick
an option which seems to be the right
one at the moment number one to be happy
number two it is the stairway to success
number three ask me another number four
to struggle that is the meaning of life
[Music]
and we are done with the test ready to
find out the results then do your math
and find out what your real mental age
is 10 to 19 points 9 years old if you
got 10 to 19 points you are a 9 year old
a cute little child at heart you're
energetic interested in everything and
open-hearted you react emotionally to
every event in your life you need people
to share it all with and a fluffy
unicorn to cuddle with 20 to 29 points
15 to 19 years old hello there teenage
soul you are seeking new options you
want to riot
conquer the world and explore yourself
and the people around you this is the
period when you want to find your place
in the world 30 to 33 points 20 to 29
years old
it's a great age when your true
personality is formed you always know
what to do but you also perfectly
remember how to have fun which is no
less important right 34 to 37 points 29
to 55 years old your mind level is
middle-aged you know that we are
responsible for what we do and you don't
allow your emotions to rule your mind
it's a great age for intellectual
activity and self-realization career
family life or both this is your time to
shine
[Music]
38 to 40 points 55 and older the age of
stability when you don't have to prove
anything to anyone and know how to live
for yourself you wear no mask and always
stay yourself such a philosophical
attitude keeps you away from unwanted
thoughts and complexes the golden days
now are you happy with your results do
you find them accurate now are you happy
with your results do you find them
accurate we have a whole comment section
to discuss the test feel free to do it
[Music]
finally remember this nugget of wisdom
which has served me well all these many
years you're only young once but you can
be immature forever hey like this video
if you agree your mental age matters
just like your biological one subscribe
to our channel to find out how to keep
both your body and mind in a perfect
shape yeah both kind of round and lumpy
anyway Tata for now
[Music]